EDU-396: Improve Retry Policy Wording (#2151)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/concepts/what-is-a-retry-policy.md

- **Description**: Specifies errors that shouldn't be retried.
  - **Default is none.**

>     - The errors are matched against the `type` field of the [ApplicationFailure](/kb/failures#application-failure).
>   - If one of those errors occurs, a retry will not occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Errors are matched against the `type` field of the [Application Failure](/kb/failures#application-failure).
  - If one of those errors occurs, a retry does not occur.
```
Recommend adding a space to "ApplicationFailure" to account for the varying names amongst the SDKs.

>   - If one of those errors occurs, neither the [Workflow Execution](#workflow-execution) nor the [Activity Task Executions](#activity-task-execution) will be retried.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If the error is matched, a retry will not occur.
```

I think that's simpler.

> - **Use case**: There may be errors that you know of that should not trigger a retry.
>   In this case, you can specify them such that, if they occur, the given execution is not retried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Use case**: If you know of errors that should not trigger a retry, you can specify that, if they occur, the execution is not retried.
```
Technically out of scope for this PR, but conveniently within my reach.

>   - If one of those errors occurs, the [Workflow Execution](#workflow-execution) won't be retried unless Workflow Retry options are set to allow retries. [Activity Task Executions](#activity-task-execution) will retry unless `temporal.NewNonRetyableError` is returned from the Activity.

Reviewer 2: Some problems here:

* This is a bit confusing. If one of those errors occurs, the thing won't be retried, regardless of whether that "thing" is workflow execution or activity task execution.
* Throwing/returning/raising an application error that is marked non-retryable won't retry the thing, regardless of whether that "thing" is workflow execution or activity task execution.
* `temporal.NewNonRetyableError` (sic, fix spelling) is a Go only thing but this is general documentation
